what's up guys matt is here and this is
a nice gameplay I was asked to do I I
wanted someone was curious on my review
of modern warfare 3 and I'm going to
tell you using this gameplay that it
sucks dick right at the beginning the
game right here I turned around and
others Vaughn and sure enough forget my
first blood within the first two seconds
of the goddamn game this map blows
massive dick the fact that they pried it
is unbelievable you play it like one out
of these three matches and free from me
and everyone just loves the fast
gameplay that Call of Duty is infamous
for I use this game play the game after
this I get a MOAB I use that in my mo at
Monday's episode and this one was
absolutely frustrating because it's full
of hitmarkers spawn deaths spawn kills
bad game mechanics where your spawning
riding someone's dick you're responding
within five feet of people there was a
point in this game where I had four or
five deaths in a row and they were
absolutely in able to sit down
bootcamping bitch five inevitable deaths
look at this bullshit look at this
bullshit I just killed him he spawns
three feet in the next room around the
corner tucked in the corner to kill me
in the back here's the Deaf sprees he
kills me i spawned right next to him to
knife um guess what he spawns in the
same room as me sprays me down do I need
to say more these are things that are
inevitable that in every shooter but can
easily be fixed by adjusting the spawn
and I spawn right there someone's
looking at me I'm looking at them and
some hip markers cool this games awesome
spawn looking at someone inevitable
especially when i'm using the two worst
guns in the games and that's the thing
i'm getting at this game being an arcade
shooter this is not a realistic shooter
don't even categorize it as a realistic
shooter it is beyond the realm of
realism anymore it is fast-paced
gameplay you're supposed to forget that
match ever happened should have been a
hitmarker right there wasn't even a
hitmarker turn around
von relatively near them sit down there
is so much of this game that is bullshit
and you will you'll be stressed out just
playing it towards the end of the game
here I go on a big long spree to win
this game because I'm absolutely
frustrated to start sitting back and
playing more defensive that's really the
only way you can play this game this
game is fast-paced but it really doesn't
credit the people who write to run
around and like to outgun people it is
not a gun on gun game it's a gun on sit
back and play defensive bitch game it's
nothing special this game should not
have gotten this good of writings it did
it's just not fun and there's so much
bullshit in this game I'm sorry for
everyone who got the screen for
Christmas who has two months less
experience because you probably are just
as big of it just even a bigger image
than most the people that even play it
look at this camping pussy and ice pond
again watch it's hitmarkers hitmarkers
more hit markers or not even hit
marketers bad hit detection host
compensation lag compensation everything
sit down you camping bitch I almost died
as predator missle right here good thing
I jump away the good thing bad players
aren't good enough to hit with a pred
missile you know it's easy its kills
trick to get a kill with there is a long
list of problems with this game that
easily could be corrected had people
taking responsibility and done it I know
someone who cracked all the map files
opened them personally and on average
there's like a hundred and eighty spawns
in every map 180 and I think I can name
off like five that you will guaranteed
get in one match because the game
consistently spawns you there there is
such bad threat comma thread count when
you spawn you spawn with in someone's
crosshair I'm dome and free for all I
think the only way that you can really
correctly solve the problems of this bad
game is too less cut back how many
people are on the map kind of do a black
op did where you cut off half the map
and only put a smaller amount of people
look at this he's laying on the floor I
shot him in the head like three times
and he it get hit markers and he kills
me
I think the only way you could fix this
game is to maybe put like four or five
people and free for all especially in
the map of this size and just cut back
the size of every other map like fall in
and all the rest of the campy massive
map cut back the size on them it's
really the only thing that they could do
to fix free for all I don't know what
they're getting to do that to do the fix
threat to the game but I do know that
nerfing every shotgun when only one
shotgun is good is a really bad method
of balancing the game it is i'm using
the KSG as a complete mockery of how bad
this game is and how unimpressed people
are if they watch a tight 95 gameplay
but realistically if you're tight 95 is
the only consistent gun in this game if
you're refusing yourself to use a tight
95 it's kind of like refusing sex with a
porn star why would you refuse yourself
the best you know especially the game
like this where it comes down to it
whoring the absolute imbalance crap this
game is not oriented to good players
it's oriented towards people who like to
cheese that's all it is people who like
to sit in corners people who like to
noobtube it's in the game will always be
like that until they remove all that
crap and start teaching people real
skills in a game real skills real skills
that like in the beginning this game
where I turn around because I know
there's a spawn point there and I know
I'm far enough away from that spawn
point to get a kill their real
educational gases rather than pleasing
the people that are excited about a
killcam like this insert all the
twelve-year-old screaming oh boy I gotta
I gotta kill cam with a throwing knife
that's what this game pleases
Oh